c:\users\denys_radchenko\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FSharpMVC\FSharpMVC\FSharpMVCWebAppApi\bin\Debug\FSharpMVCWebAppApi.dll.config
c:\users\denys_radchenko\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FSharpMVC\FSharpMVC\FSharpMVCWebAppApi\bin\Debug\WebAppApi.XML
c:\users\denys_radchenko\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FSharpMVC\FSharpMVC\FSharpMVCWebAppApi\bin\Debug\FSharpMVCWebAppApi.dll
c:\users\denys_radchenko\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FSharpMVC\FSharpMVC\FSharpMVCWebAppApi\bin\Debug\FSharpMVCWebAppApi.pdb
c:\users\denys_radchenko\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FSharpMVC\FSharpMVC\FSharpMVCWebAppApi\bin\Debug\FSharp.Core.dll
c:\users\denys_radchenko\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FSharpMVC\FSharpMVC\FSharpMVCWebAppApi\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.dll
c:\users\denys_radchenko\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FSharpMVC\FSharpMVC\FSharpMVCWebAppApi\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
c:\users\denys_radchenko\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FSharpMVC\FSharpMVC\FSharpMVCWebAppApi\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.WebRequest.dll
c:\users\denys_radchenko\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FSharpMVC\FSharpMVC\FSharpMVCWebAppApi\bin\Debug\System.Web.Helpers.dll
c:\users\denys_radchenko\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FSharpMVC\FSharpMVC\FSharpMVCWebAppApi\bin\Debug\System.Web.Http.dll
c:\users\denys_radchenko\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FSharpMVC\FSharpMVC\FSharpMVCWebAppApi\bin\Debug\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
c:\users\denys_radchenko\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FSharpMVC\FSharpMVC\FSharpMVCWebAppApi\bin\Debug\System.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\users\denys_radchenko\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FSharpMVC\FSharpMVC\FSharpMVCWebAppApi\bin\Debug\System.Web.Optimization.dll
c:\users\denys_radchenko\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FSharpMVC\FSharpMVC\FSharpMVCWebAppApi\bin\Debug\System.Web.Providers.dll
c:\users\denys_radchenko\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FSharpMVC\FSharpMVC\FSharpMVCWebAppApi\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.dll
c:\users\denys_radchenko\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FSharpMVC\FSharpMVC\FSharpMVCWebAppApi\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
c:\users\denys_radchenko\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FSharpMVC\FSharpMVC\FSharpMVCWebAppApi\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
c:\users\denys_radchenko\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FSharpMVC\FSharpMVC\FSharpMVCWebAppApi\bin\Debug\FSharp.Core.xml
c:\users\denys_radchenko\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FSharpMVC\FSharpMVC\FSharpMVCWebAppApi\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
c:\users\denys_radchenko\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FSharpMVC\FSharpMVC\FSharpMVCWebAppApi\bin\Debug\System.Web.Helpers.xml
c:\users\denys_radchenko\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FSharpMVC\FSharpMVC\FSharpMVCWebAppApi\bin\Debug\System.Web.Http.xml
c:\users\denys_radchenko\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FSharpMVC\FSharpMVC\FSharpMVCWebAppApi\bin\Debug\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
c:\users\denys_radchenko\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FSharpMVC\FSharpMVC\FSharpMVCWebAppApi\bin\Debug\System.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\users\denys_radchenko\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FSharpMVC\FSharpMVC\FSharpMVCWebAppApi\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.xml
c:\users\denys_radchenko\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FSharpMVC\FSharpMVC\FSharpMVCWebAppApi\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
c:\users\denys_radchenko\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FSharpMVC\FSharpMVC\FSharpMVCWebAppApi\obj\Debug\FSharpMVCWebAppApi.dll
c:\users\denys_radchenko\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FSharpMVC\FSharpMVC\FSharpMVCWebAppApi\obj\Debug\FSharpMVCWebAppApi.pdb
